terror tactics where people
confident are put in situations
terrifying for their dear friends or
relatives
an old magic shop just
breaking lina convinced her friend
shantal to help the owner to do the
inventory the final reason is because you
like to play me jokes and her boyfriend like that
that we decided to play her
let me tell you one thing the store
magic is broken because they have had
problems with a former employee very
disgusted
magic shop devil's oklahoma line
tubes help my wife rachel is
crossing the street the first building that
look to the natal right the victim neither in
Thank you , thank you very well
chantal thanks for coming you what
I appreciate this work will be quick that
what has been crazy I was not in
the court all day and we had a
employee who became weird is a little
crazy take out a restraining order in
against him and it's very scary and not
I want to scare your first minutes
here but it has been a long good day
let's see
let us begin
let me show you the place
basically this is our winery here
we keep everything here is our team
of magic and there's also this thing that
it scares every time I see it
it would bother you to watch the phone
while I go home for the leaves to
you
I'm going to close here and if it does not bother you
I will close for your safety according
back in 10 minutes
Hello
God
do not forget
weak
then let me in the door is
closed
What do you want, I'm the work supervisor
for yesterday you can not wait you can
expect what yesterday and it's fine
I understand , you know, it's scary to be here
we've only had problems with that
did you come
I have the key, call your friend and you
I'll see through the other door
I had the key but I do not understand
I understand perfectly this place is very
rare
It gives me cold this cold to receive
a call there were
ah
come please help me to separate
these chairs Jerry said it would take 5
minutes must be arriving all this
it is already labeled us
we separated this morning
the light was on, it was not going to
ask
but
your family
This to me
so
hopefully
because if we are in a channel
you are scared
Well, you should because you're in tactics
of terror
walks passes without fear, look, everyone is
well and nothing happens to them
you are scared and very scared
what do you think I think there are people who are
good with killer clown knives
psychotic and others who do not but good